# FPGA_Based_Point_of_Sale_Terminal
Authors: Erdem Şimşek, Beste Dumlupınar, Mustafa Yıldırım, Ömer Şen, Senanur Kekeç

The project is given at METU EE314 Digital Electronic Curcuitry Lab for Verilog HDL implemantations on FPGA Board.
It is based on  designing a basic POS, point of sale, terminal with FPGA  board. It was expected to construct a screen on the  computer that includes twelve items with their images,  barcodes, and unit costs in that design. Then, a shopping  list displays the selected items, which is at most six,  names and its quantities, which is at most four. At the end  of the shopping list, there is also a full-cost display with  seven segments. Moreover, there are two different  selection types; the first one works with entering the  barcode of an item and its quantity with assigned buttons on FPGA. The second one is navigation through the items  again with assigned buttons for going up, left, right and  select operations. While selecting through barcode, items  with entered barcode values up to that point have hovered  until all four digits are completed. At the end, only one  item with the entered barcode is hovered. In terms of  selection with navigation, there is a yellow highlight  around the current item which goes around the items as  customer navigate with assigned buttons. These  selections work is SW-1 is HIGH. If SW-2 is HIGH, one can  navigate in the shopping list and delete the selected item  which has a red cursor on its left. While this cancel  operation total cost is updated as well as the list. Hence, a  POS terminal is designed with expected requirements as  explained.
